docs(contributing): add contribution and new-container guide (#460)
testcontainers/testcontainers-python: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_container.md

  - Your module follows [PEP 420](https://peps.python.org/pep-0420/) with implicit namespace packages
    (if unsure, look at other existing community modules)
  - Your package namespacing follows `testcontainers.<modulename>.*`
    and you DO NOT have an `__init__.py` above your module's level.
  - Your module has it's own tests under `modules/*/tests`
  - Your module has a `README.rst` and hooks in the `.. auto-class` and `.. title` of your container
  - Implement the new feature (typically in `__init__.py`) and corresponding tests.
- [ ] Your module is added in `pyproject.toml`
  - it is declared under `tool.poetry.packages` - see other community modules
  - it is declared under `tool.poetry.extras` with the same name as your module name,
    we still prefer adding _NO EXTRA DEPENDENCIES_, meaning `mymodule = []` is the preferred addition
    (see the notes at the bottom)
- [ ] The `INDEX.rst` at the project root includes your module under the `.. toctree` directive
- [ ] Your branch is up to date (or we'll use GH's "update branch" function through the UI)

# Preferred implementation

- The current consensus among maintainers is to try to avoid enforcing the client library

>   for the given tools you are triyng to implement.

Reviewer: type: trying

- This means we want you to avoid adding specific libraries as dependencies to `testcontainers`.
- Therefore, you should implement the configuration and the waiting with as little extra as possible

> - You may still find it useful to add your preferred client library as a dev dependency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the intended usage of the new Testcontainer is with a client library, please add the client library as a dev dependency, so that tests can mirror actual usage of the new container.
```

not sure if this is the best wording but maybe we encourage people to add dev dependencies instead of writing tests that never run

Reviewer: `... please add _such a_ client library as a dev dependency _and a test which mirrors actual usage of the container._` (e.g. PG has multiple which consume the url)
